Ficr retrim prog (#12153)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * :ref:`wifi_shutdown_sample` sample that demonstrates how to configure the Wi-Fi driver to shut down the Wi-Fi hardware when the Wi-Fi interface is not in use.
  * :ref:`wifi_twt_sample` sample that demonstrates how to establish TWT flow and transfer data conserving power.
  * Support for the Wi-Fi driver to several upstream Zephyr networking samples.

>   * :ref:`wifi_radio_test` sample: Enhanced to support device re-trimming process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Enhancements to support device re-trimming process in the :ref:`wifi_radio_test` sample.
```

>   * :ref:`wifi_radio_test` sample that demonstrates how to manage re-trim parameters.

Reviewer 2: replace "sample that demonstrates how to manage re-trim parameters" with "sample: Enhanced to support device re-triming process"
